Okay..
Huhhhhhh
Like 27 dresses with Katherine Heigl.
I love okay I love that one.
I know because I was like...
Because I was a bridesmaid so many times, I still have all my dresses.
Because I didn't want to just  (***)
throw it away. Some people are going to regret that they made me wear some of the dresses.
If I ever get married, they're gonna wear that.
Ohhhhhhhh....
I see...
I don't know, I've seen that movie, but I can't remember the title.
Yes...
I think yeah.. I
They first don't like each other.
Right?
Oh, okay then. I can't.
Well, I don't remember.
And it was cute while watching but I can't tell you much about it.
Yeah...
Okaay
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
What other movies do I watch over and over? What romance movies?
Ohhh... I like  (***)
It's the one where ahh the guy she likes.
Ha..  falls on the train tracks and she saves him.
And yeah.
Yeah, well then like she accidentally says, ooh, I was gonna marry him.
And then the family thinks she's engaged and then she falls in love with the actual guy.
Father.
Yeah, it's cute. I actually, that's one of my favorites.
Yeah.. You know... Though  Pullman.
He's not the heart Rob.
Kind of a rom-com guy.
Ha... ha... ha... ha... ha...
He was in Spaceballs.
I loved Spaceballs, see that was my...
Idea of Star Wars.
Ha, ha, ha...
A spoon fart... Yeah...
Yeah... Yeah...  it was a vacuum cleaner.
Yeah...
I hate..I..  but I love that movie.
I saw that before Star Wars.
And I didn't like the real star.
Ha, ha, ha...
Yeah...
Hu...  Hmm...
This is the English level of...
Wow, that's a plus from the past.
Yeah...
Haaaaa...
Tissue..
Haaa..
Alright...I didn't know that,   that would be the person.
something  part  yeah
Yeah, I'm here to dengue my father.
Yeah, I'm kind of like, it's laughable because you brought that.
Depth... What is that...
I don't know if it's the same phrase
yeah the phrase because a lot of people who love that movie is like as you wish is what
They love because of romance, like whatever. (***)
She asked for the guys like as you wish as you wish
Ha, ha, ha...
Yeah...
That was Robin, right?
80s 80s and that was like it they didn't think it was gonna do well in the theater
Yeah...   yeah.. It's ok..
Yeah...
You know (***) while was John Cusack.
But he did some romance but I don't remember what it was.
Ohhh....  Serendipity all see...
Serendipity with Kate Beckinsale.
I liked that one.